PGD: updates for bdr.replicate_ddl_command() reference entry (#5788)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/reference/functions.mdx

#### Synopsis

```sql
bdr.replicate_ddl_command(ddl_cmd text,
                          replication_sets text[],
                          ddl_locking text,
                          execute_locally bool)
```

#### Parameters

- `ddl_cmd` &mdash; DDL command to execute.
- `replication_sets` &mdash; An array of replication set names to apply the `ddlcommand` to. If NULL (or the function is only passed the `ddlcommand`), this is set to the active PGD groups's default replication set.
- `ddl_locking` &mdash; A string that sets the [`bdr.ddl_locking`](/pgd/latest/reference/pgd-settings#bdrddl_locking) value while replicating. Defaults to the GUC value for `bdr.ddl_locking` on the local system that is running the replicate_ddl_command.
- `execute_locally` &mdash; A boolean which determines whether the DDL command will be executed locally. Defaults to true.

#### Notes

The only required parameter of this function is `ddl_cmd`.

> `bdr.replicate_ddl_command()` ignores [`bdr.ddl_replication`](./pgd-settings#bdrddl_replication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bdr.replicate_ddl_command()` will always replicate the command and is unaffected by the setting of [`bdr.ddl_replication`](./pgd-settings#bdrddl_replication).
```
